brice one of our good friends on the
show jessica chastain yeah she's talked
about people thinking she's you and it's
very she do look quite alike here's
Jessica there's there's you that's it's
like it is what Jeff said but it's like
really really really true like it's very
flattering to me like she's she's
unbelievable but what I didn't notice I
was it was happening before I never you
were face yes so I went to school in New
York I went to NYU and just went out to
school in New York as well she went to
Julliard and there were many times I
remember this distinctly either many
times first time it happened I went into
a Starbucks and where people would
mistake me for someone named Jess and so
I went into a Starbucks and I went up to
the cashier and I went to order
something he was like no Jess here your
drinks over there I was like oh no I
haven't ordered yet he's like like what
are you and I just remember being kind
of like it was like a little unnerving
because he was so certain that we were
the same person and then a lot of
friends and it like later in years to
come would say oh my gosh there's this
there's this woman named Jessica
Chastain and you guys are you know you
could totally be sisters and yeah and
then weird is it happens to you as well
Tandy Oh who's your look-alike Zoe
Saldana I mean what it is you know it's
I think about you growing up I love the
told stories about growing up because
your dad it was like he was training you
for paparazzi he's very happy yeah he
was I was actually the saddest moment in
our childhood and these are Uptown
problems was when they switched from
film to digital cuz to my father that
was just like every day was the lottery
I mean it was amazing because you could
just take pictures and pictures in
picture thousands of them it could be
the like thousands of pictures of just a
meatloaf that blurry what you do is at
the end of the night he would email
everyone in the family all the all the
photograph yeah but the the thing is
this is back when like the internet was
made of a fax machine of would like
and then you would download all of these
things and like you like it was so much
material to download you'd feel like the
lights dim in your home and I got I used
to say to my was like that but can you
stop you don't need to piss in every
foot like we don't need to see the
blurry photo of the ceiling you took
when you edit yourself never did so
after a while and I I mean I deeply
regret this no as it as an adult male
I'm deep regrets of what I did but I
would take the camera sometimes in the
middle of dinner and I just go in the
bathroom and I just grab a quick shot of
my penis and then he'd email it to
everybody
Tim Gramps got a few of those no I well
that was his concern which is what
actually you know in a weird way made
the whole thing work for me so after
that he became a strict editor so you'd
get just two lovely family photos at the
end of an evening not sixty thousand
shots of a you know mashed potato do you
get sort of children wanting you to kind
of delight them as as Maui all the time
all the time like it's constant it's
always constant oh you sing songs sing
your song sing your song and I do it and
then and then they hear and then I go
say okay we'll have a good day that's
thing again
the last day I I can't
I don't know that look like a man who
wants to I don't know
alright let's see
Luigi we go right into the rap part and
this is what the kids run so it's
alright listen kid honestly I could go
on and on I could explain every natural
phenomenon the tide the grass the ground
oh that was Maui just messing around I
kill Daniel and I buried its guts
sprouted a tree now you got coconuts
what's the lesson what does it take away
don't mess with Maui when he's on a
breakaway and the tapestry here on my
skin is a map of the victories I win
look or a beam I make everything happen
look at that me meaning man would you
ticket it happen you've got the three
wars who did all play football yeah but
now they've basically all dumped it and
yeah so it's Harper the only one left
she is the only one left and she started
playing every Sunday and I mean she
loves it the boys don't play anymore
which is a it's heartbreaking they were
playing a bit at our sake and they're
great I mean they're they're amazing
yeah I mean they're goofing around with
yeah yeah I have a good there bear
battalion but obviously none of them
play anymore so it's down to Harper so
she's yeah I took it to a training
session the other day and she's she's
running around and I'm quite as I
wouldn't say aggressive dead on the side
of the field because probably the wrong
thing to say
but I'm very I just get very
enthusiastic mixed team it's a mixed
team okay and so half was doing really
well she's kind of dribbling with the
ball and then this boy runs into her and
I was and I was like what had I was
looking around at the other parents
thinking how do I react do I be a UNICEF
ambassador
it's okay or do I be Harper's daddy and
be like really so just let it go easy
voice because you are quite posh you
mean a normal life they're really really
really posh though I'm not that pot I
sound posh you do when I'm not doing the
art no one in any way you gotta find her
it's a long story Wow anyway the Irish
has got to move out before I let in
another lodger coming Benedict
Cumberbatch is also a time traveler here
he is in the 1920s
crazy
you made someone very happy in the 1920s
like looking in a mirror gram where did
I get those bangs from look at that I
know we got if you want we can recreate
the look if you want you how can I say
I'm glad you said yes because someone
went to a lot of trouble to make this
yeah okay okay well to honor that I must
worry there we go you do that bit you're
so don't let my cell to hurt you okay so
ready to it where do you look
camera 5 there there yeah okay
[Applause]
you are nearly in this world weren't you
them awful Wow make me feel great look
at this poster John you almost hit that
yes I was probably 16 choice for Captain
America but you were in the costume and
everything I mean got pretty good yeah I
got to the suit it was a pretty big day
for me
I was hurting out completely and I got a
say for a split second there was feeling
really good about myself comes up and
they give you the suit you get it I give
you the suit and I was actually putting
the suit on I was like oh my god this is
so amazing and through the hallway came
chris hemsworth dressed his Thor and
he's like all right Knight no no
[Laughter]
no yeah when you see Chris Hemsworth
with next to no clothes oh you don't
want all of a sudden be like I want to
take my clothes
[Music]